Document prompt history registers (#4697)
mawww/kakoune: doc/pages/registers.asciidoc

    default search / regex register, used by:
    */*, *<a-/>*, *?*, *<a-?>*, *n*, *<a-n>*, *N*, *<a-N>*, ***, *<a-*>*,
    *s*, *S*, *<a-k>* and *<a-K>*
    (see <<keys#searching, `:doc keys searching`>>).

>     This is a prompt history register, holding all commands entered at an

Reviewer: If we're going to document this, we might as well be specific

```suggestion
    This is a prompt history register, holding the last 100 commands entered at an
```
